The Inca team participated in and responded to action items (e.g., custom tests
and web pages) from TeraGrid staff and users. Based on requests from TeraGrid
user advocates we increased monitoring and notification of GRAM and GridFTP
across the TeraGrid based on our experience monitoring these services for LEAD
(http://www.teragridforum.org/mediawiki/index.php?title=Inca_Real-Time_Monitoring_Testbed).
We also generated reports for LEAD and developed a draft schema for LEAD to
publish its required services.   We added the ability for TeraGrid staff to
create custom queries of Inca data
(http://www.teragridforum.org/mediawiki/index.php?title=Inca_Information_for_System_Administrators#Custom_Queries).
The TeraGrid portal now uses an Inca custom query to display machine status
information.  

The Inca team continued TeraGrid deployment management, debugging, and
customization.  Four machines were removed from the TeraGrid deployment
(psc-rachel, purdue-grid, ncsa-tungsten, sdsc-bluegene, sdsc-datastar) and one
machine was added to the deployment (psc-pople).  Fourteen TeraGrid tests were
modified and four new tests were written, configured and deployed.  The display
of cross site tests was modified to improve the accuracy of historical at fault
error tracking.  At the time of this report, 2435 pieces of test data are being
collected across TeraGrid platforms.  

Inca also participated in, wrote minutes for, and sometimes led (depending on
the AD's availability) the bi-weekly TeraGrid operations calls from July -
September. On alternating weeks when there were no operations calls, Inca
distributed a written TeraGrid status summary and identified detected failures
for the RP system administrators to address.  Finally, we contributed to and
participated in XD staff meetings (can we say this on GIG funding?).
